Humans are obsessed with escapism through movies, books, music, art, daydreams, our souls really weren't made for this world.
-Unknown

You've done everything
you could do
you've said everything
you could say
you've waited around
you've been patient 
you've given them all of you but now enough is enough
today
you draw the line
no more
accommodating them
-Wattney Lander

"You say 'amateur' as if it was a dirty word.

'Amateur' comes from the Latin word 'amare', which means to love. To do things for the love of it."
-Mozart in the Jungle

The best relationship has a gardener and a flower. The gardener nurtures and the flower blooms."
-Carole Radziwill

"I want you, but I'll be quiet following my dreams while you do too. Let the universe decide our fate because i'm tired of all this trouble."

i never told you this, but sometimes i just sit there and imagine all the little scenarios of us in my head.

basic things like watching movies, cuddling, doing late night food runs, having deep coversations, taking random trips. i just miss you and want to be with you.

We accept the love we think we deserve

There's 7, billion 47 million people on the planet and I have the audacity to think I matter.

When your mind knows they're not going to be yours, but still your heart is not letting you to accept the fact<<

Travel with a boy alone and you will see his most caring side...

If someone wants to be with you, nothing will stop them from doing so. Love doesn't create excuses.

there was always enough to make me keep coming back to her not quite enough to make her stay

When she says "your so handsome" but your drunk homie once said "your presence alone would make the angels question there own perfection"

Umar aap ko badaa nahi banati
Zimmedariya Aap ko badaa banati hai

Pyaar, kiya nahi jata, Bas ho jata hai, ye ek ehsaas hai, thoda khubsoorat, thoda dard bhara.

To love without condition, To talk without intention, To give without reason, care without expectations, That's the spirit of true love
-Lord Krishna

You were unsure which pain is worse, the shock of what happened or the ache for what never will.

"you got no paper and no pencil, but still...
you're drawing my attention"
-Lost

Pov: you are reading "the kite runner" and you reach the part where Amir says:

" I opened my mouth, almost said something. Almost. The rest of my life might have turned out differently if I had. But I didn't. I just watched. Paralyzed."

The most beautiful gift you can give someone is your time because you're giving them a part of your life that will never come back.

You were everywhere I went and in everything I felt but now, the only way I saw you
was with my eyes closed

Someone said
"A lot people struggle with sleep because sleep requires peace."
I felt that.

People Cry But Still Love The Same Person Who Made Them Cry:)

"I was always hungry for love. Just once, I wanted to know what it was like to get my fill of it - to be fed so much love I couldn't take any more. Just once. But they never gave that to me. Never, not once."
-Haruki Murakami

Woh jo haste hai na baat baat par Gale lagakar dekhna ro padenge

When Khalil Gibran said,
"How beautiful to find a heart that loves you, without asking you for anything, but to be okay."

You'll always win when you move with love and genuine intentions. Always.

"Don't ignore the effort of someone who tries to keep in touch. It's not all the time someone cares."

Keep going! Not because you want to, but because you deserve to know what it feels like to never give up.

I choose to love you in silence because in silence

I find no rejection, and in silence no one owns you but me.
-Rumi